TODO.md, before:

Features that I am going to work on/considering.
# FEATURES
- Lua based configuration with a goofy ass API
  - Spring configuration
  - Custom elements with features like polling from commands, running functions at configurable intervals,
  - Element style (powerlines & rounding and such but also like if they have icons or something)
  - Syntax customization (define symbols and what they should do?) (?)
  - Configuration Aliases & Variables
  - Dialogues and icons configurable.
- Syntax highlighting
- Timestamp "bar" with an expanding animation that plays when it happens
- Making it an actual semi-working shell (I HAVEN'T EVEN STARTED THIS YET!!! 😭😭😭)
- Actual shell features (piping, exports, functions, etc.)
- ls but cool
- cd & mv show something when ran, like "Changed directory to 📁 ~/Downloads.", "Moved 📄 fuckenheimer.txt -> ~/Downloads/Sexmeister/"
- Nice looking errors (like nushell)
- Graceful shutdown & error handling

# ARCHITECTURAL / PERFORMANCE
- Printing & Rendering abstraction so i'm not printing characters one at a time.
- Change the integer types for the terminal to u16 or maybe usize.

Commit message:

oops the spring didnt work.... (i have done barely any work this past 2 weeks I HATE BEING ALIVE I  HATE BEING ALIVE I HATE BEING ALIVE!!!! HELP ME HELP ME HELP ME! IM IN TREMENDOUS PAIN, IM IN TREMENDOUS PAIN... IM IN SO MUCH PAIN...

TODO.md, after:

Features that I am going to work on/considering.
# FEATURES

- Syntax highlighting
- Timestamp "bar" with an expanding animation that plays when it happens
- Making it an actual semi-working shell (I ***STILLL*** HAVEN'T EVEN STARTED THIS YET!!! 😭😭😭)
- Actual shell features (piping, exports, functions, etc.)
- ls but cool
- cd & mv show something when ran, like "Changed directory to 📁 ~/Downloads.", "Moved 📄 fuckenheimer.txt -> ~/Downloads/Sexmeister/"
- Nice looking errors (like nushell)
- Graceful shutdown & error handling

# ARCHITECTURAL / PERFORMANCE
- Change the integer types for the terminal to u16 or maybe usize.
- Printing & Rendering abstraction for good vibes ✌️
- Remove config data duplication.
- Start benchmarking things!!!


# DONE!
- not printing characters one at a time.
## halfassed
- Lua based configuration with a goofy ass API
  - Spring configuration
  - Custom elements with features like polling from commands, running functions at configurable intervals,
  - Element style (powerlines & rounding and such but also like if they have icons or something)
  - Syntax customization (define symbols and what they should do?) (?)
  - Configuration Aliases & Variables
  - Dialogues and icons configurable.
  - currently the shell is configured in TOML which is a shit choice, but i don't know how to use mlua so this will have to for
    now, and only the basics of these actually exist so far.
